so

If we get investors, we also need to invest (wait whaa)
you may be asking, Why invest in our own company?

Well, here is Why
The person that holds the MOST shares in a company automatically becomes the CEO, so if someone invests more than $1.70 USD into our company, its theirs.. (yeah ik my dad told me) You also may be asking, why more than $1.70. Well because, right now I am the largest investor/share holder in the company bc i bought the domain, which cost me 1.70 so that basically means im the Ceo lol. well its a shared company so u dont make desitions (lol baby spelling) (well, it IS a shared company, but there can only be one ceo, so you'd probably be the chief operating officer (COO)) without both of us agreeing. But we'd need to invest on our company so that those roles arent taken from us



or we could just make it so that no one can invest in us. done. boom. chapter closed.

whyy. were doing this for fun and learning, not for money, also, 

wait, i could make a lemonade stand xD ill pour the money into blabbr. oof LOLolOloLOloLOLololoL0olO0OLO0olo0OLo0ol0ol0o0O0L

maybee.. who cares if someone else like google buys the company. wait IK WHAT WE DO.



WE CAN LET PEOPLE INVEST, BUT WE WONT LET PEOPLE INVEST SO MUCH THAT THEY BECOME THE OWNER.

uhh.. Im 90% sure you can't do that
well. ik u can say no to investors, bc of the ponzi scheme (rip all the people he ruiened lives of)

(totally not searching that up cuz i have no idea what that is..)

the ponzi scheme is a scheme that a guy called ponzi played. he promised he'd double your money in 6 months i think, but he payed investors with other investors money, then he ran. then he was caught, and now he helps find criminals for the us military. u seriously dont know that?

> now he helps find criminals
since when did criminals help criminals <-- telll meeee

well. lawer. why would someone sue us? >:!

why wont they
some guy tried to sue Zip2 bc they thought Elon Musk stole his idea
if someone sues us
and they win
then
we have to pay a lot of money
IF
the person loses
then they pay us a lot of money

A1PHA1
well
idk hw we get a lawer

Xenity
welp
you have to pay
depending on the lawyers' skills
its lawyer btw xD

A1PHA1
ik
mistype
not misspell
now
we dont need lawyer
we could just take the case to court


soosoosoososoososo we cant get investors yet sadly
But.. We can get a Loan, we just have to pay it back plus the intrest rate :/

(stupid intrest)